Project Overview:

\- This smart home application, built using Python (PyQt5) and Raspberry
Pi, provides a fully integrated solution for controlling your home from
your car. The application features multiple functionalities, including
controlling a TV with multiple channels, operating GPS, and displaying a
rearview camera for safer driving.

\- The interface is designed with clear and intuitive icons, making
navigation seamless and user-friendly. Each feature is represented with
an icon, allowing for quick access to smart home controls, media
playback, GPS, and camera functions.

\- The application utilizes MQTT (Message Queuing Telemetry Transport)
as a broker to facilitate communication between the car and the smart
home. This allows users to send commands remotely, enabling real-time
execution of various actions. With this system, users can turn on or off
any home device, monitor their home, and even play MP3 files or radio in
the house while driving---all from a distance.

Key Features:

\- Smart Home Control: Remotely turn on/off home appliances with
intuitive home control icons.

\- Integrated Entertainment System: Watch TV with multiple channels and
play music or radio in the house from the car, using dedicated media
icons.

\- Rearview Camera Support: Display the car's rear camera feed within
the application with a clear camera icon for quick access.

\- GPS Functionality: Access and control GPS navigation directly from
the app using an interactive map icon.

\- Real-Time Communication via MQTT: Send commands to the smart home,
which executes them instantly, with status updates shown via
notification icons.

\- User-Friendly Interface with Icons: The application features a
visually appealing UI with well-designed icons for each function,
ensuring ease of use.

\- This application is designed to offer convenience, security, and
flexibility, making it an ideal solution for managing a smart home while
on the move.
